If we have a look at our application here, what could we do in real time?
Well what would be interesting is that if we create a new post with user a, that we can instantly see
it with user b too. And for that, we need to add some code in our client
and then also on our backend. Now let's actually start with the client,
let's say we want to react to a new post being created and we then want to render it in the client instantly.
For this in my react app after this componentDidMount function, before load posts let's say, I'll add a new
function, add post with this
syntax, I expect to get the data about the post as an argument,
so I'm using a normal arrow function here
and in here, I want to render that post to the screen.
Now for that, since this is not a react course, I prepared some code which you find attached to this
video,
just copy it here. In this code snippet, we're using some react functionality, set state to basically
update our existing data we used in this react application with this new post we received here
and I will also take care about pagination to insert this post in the right place.
That is the end what I'm doing here, the
important thing is that
I'm using some react functionality here so that we don't have to reload the browser page,
I simply change the existing dom.
This is what react will do for me with this code snippet
and as mentioned before if you want to learn more about react, dive into some dedicated react resources
of course.
Now we got add post but we're never calling it.
My idea is that I want to call it whenever we do create a new post on some other client,
now how do we do that? Well
for that, let's go back to the node code.
We have to go to the place that runs or to the code that runs when new post is created
and that would be in the feed controller to create post function of course.
There we want to use socket.io,
the existing connection we have set up to basically inform all connected clients about the new
post, that is the idea.
Now for that however, we need to share that connection which we currently set up in app.js.
How do we get that connection out of app.js into feed.js now?
Let's do that and continue with the set up in the next lectures.